PM expects onion-loaded planes to reach in next 2 days
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says onion-loaded cargo planes were expected to reach the country in next one or two days to contain its abnormal price hike while the government planned as well to review what actually caused the situation.
Say no to corrupts, extortionists, land grabbers: Quader
Awami League General Secretary and Road Transport and Bridges Minister Obaidul Quader urges the party leaders and workers to say ‘no’ to corrupt people, extortionists, tender manipulators and land grabbers.
Govt unable to bargain with India over long-standing issues: Fakhrul
BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir alleges that the government is unable to bargain with India over the long-standing issues between the two countries.
EU 2020 budget talks drag on because of disagreement
Talks setting the EU's budget for next year are going down to the wire because of disagreement between member states and the European Parliament, officials say.
PM off to UAE to join Dubai Air Show
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina leaves Dhaka for Dubai on a four-day official visit to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to attend Dubai Air Show-2019 and other programmes.
Nirmal, Afzal Swechchhasebak League president, secy
Nirmal Ranjan Guha and Afzal Babu have been elected as president and general secretary of Bangladesh Swechchhasebak League respectively.
Dhaka needs to utilise growing global pressure on Myanmar: Experts
Like Myanmar, its friends will also feel the “pressure” amid significant development on “legal front” that Bangladesh needs to utilise prudently to keep up the growing global pressure on Myanmar until a solution to Rohingya crisis is found, say foreign affairs analysts.


Where did the rotten onion come from?
As onion prices spiral out of control fuelled by a supply shortage, a huge amount of rotten onion was found to be dumped in Chaktai canal adjacent to Karnaphuli River.
Primary, Ebtedayee exams begin tomorrow 
Primary Education Completion Examination and its equivalent Ebtedayee Education Completion Examination will begin across the country tomorrow.
London police probe Brexit Party’s election fraud claims
London’s Metropolitan police say they are investigating allegations that Brexit Party candidates were offered jobs or peerages if they would agree not to run against Conservative candidates in next month’s election.
India thrash Tigers
India register their sixth consecutive Test win in an emphatic way when they beat Bangladesh by an innings and 130 runs during their first of the two Tests at the Holkar Cricket Stadium in Indore today. India lead the series 1-0.
Bus helper held over accident of BIWTC official 
Police Bureau of Investigation (PBI) have arrested the helper of the bus responsible for the incident in which a female government official lost her left leg in Dhaka’s Banglamotor area in August.


Kohli lauds 'clinical' India after crushing Test win over Bangladesh
Skipper Virat Kohli praises "clinical" India after their pacemen help crush Bangladesh by an innings and 130 runs inside three days of the opening Test.
First consignment of onion to arrive from Egypt Tuesday
The first consignment of onion will arrive from Egypt on Tuesday, according to a commerce ministry official.  


‘BCL men’ beat up RU student; highway blocked in protest
Students of Rajshahi University block the Dhaka-Rajshahi highway hours after some Chhatra League activists of the university unit allegedly beat up one of their fellows at a dormitory.
Missing Faridpur medical student found dead 
The body of a missing student of Faridpur Medical College was recovered from Munsibazar area in Faridpur.
Cyclone Bulbul: 4,589 trees damaged in Sundarbans
At least 4,589 trees were damaged under the influence of Cyclone Bulbul in Sundarbans, according to a report prepared by Bangladesh Forest Department.
Myanmar rejects ICC probe over Rohingya genocide
Myanmar has struck back after a surge of global legal pressure over its alleged crimes against the Rohingya, branding an investigation by the International Criminal Court (ICC) "not in accordance with international law".
Gunmen fire on buses carrying Muslim Sri Lankan voters
Gunmen fired on buses carrying minority Muslim voters in northwest Sri Lanka on Saturday, police say, as an election official admitted failures to protect vulnerable communities ahead of presidential polls.
Man, young boy shot at US high school football game
Players and spectators ran for cover Friday night when a gunman opened fire at a New Jersey high school football game, wounding two people.


Infographic: Sri Lanka presidential election 2019 
The South Asian island nation set to elect new president amid security and economic concerns.
Chinese soldiers on Hong Kong streets for first time since protests began
Soldiers from mainland China were sent on to the streets of Hong Kong for the first time since anti-government protests began about six months ago.
UK parties heat up online election campaigns
As political parties fight for undecided UK voters ahead of next month's general election, they are increasingly turning to online platforms.
Iran protests spike over fuel price rise
At least one person has been killed in protests after the price of fuel increased by up to 200 percent.
Guinea protests turn deadly yet again
Thousands demonstrate against proposed constitutional amendments, which they say would allow President Alpha Conde to run for a third term.
Deadly car bomb blasts rip through bus terminal in Syria's al-Bab
At least 18 people killed and many more wounded after two vehicles exploded in northern Syrian border town.
China's PLA soldiers on Hong Kong streets in 'voluntary' clean-up
PLA troops leave Hong Kong garrison amid intensifying protests over Beijing's role in the semi-autonomous territory.
Sri Lanka election: Voting closes in tight presidential race
National security has been a key issue in the campaign after the Easter bombings that killed hundreds of people.
Lebanon protests over lack of electricity
Proper power supply, which has been lacking since 1975, is one of the demands of the country's anti-government demonstrators.
Sri Lankans vote to elect new president after divisive campaign
Shortly before polls open, gunmen fire on buses carrying mainly Muslim voters but no casualties are reported.
Foreigners caught in Libya's Tripoli crossfire
Foreigners left with a stark choice - they can stay in Tripoli and risk their lives because of conflict, or they can head home to potential poverty.
Paris police fire tear gas on 'yellow vest' protests anniversary
About 200 demonstrations planned across France as authorities expect thousands to rally in the capital.
One killed as protests erupt after Iran hikes petrol prices 
Demonstrations erupt after authorities announce surprise decision to ration petrol and raise prices by 50 percent.
Zimbabwe doctors' strike: Hundreds fired
A warning to doctors on strike in Zimbabwe: 'Go back to work or you risk being fired.'
What is behind the boom in e-commerce in China's rural areas?
How thousands of Chinese villages have benefitted from the boom in online shopping.
Sri Lanka election: Observers report poll day violations
At least 139 violations, including two cases of assault and 41 of intimidation, reported by midday on Saturday. 
Ukraine: Can Zelenskyy drain corruption swamps?
The impeachment process in the US has focused Ukrainians attention on their country's long history of corruption.
Arab Twitter: A tool for #freespeech or #surveillance?
From a Saudi spy scandal to suspicious account closures: Twitter in the Arab world. Plus, 'red media' in Taiwan.
Will India's lockdown in Kashmir ever end?
We challenge BJP government spokesperson Gaurav Bhatia on human rights and conditions in Kashmir.
Is Bolivia's Evo Morales the victim of a coup?
We debate the political turmoil in Bolivia and what led to the resignation and exile of former president Evo Morales.
Israeli army to probe 'unexpected' Gaza civilian deaths
Israel's military has pledged on Friday to investigate the death of civilians in Gaza after attacks targeting the Islamic Jihad group killed 34 Palestinians.
Washington's TAIPEI Act will not solve Taiwan's problems
Taiwan needs a new approach to counter China's campaign to isolate it internationally.
US calls on Haftar to end Tripoli push, warns against Russia role
Washington accuses Moscow of exploiting the conflict and urges Khalifa Haftar to stop offensive on the Libyan capital.
Tunisia: Habib Jemli tasked with forming a new government
The 60-year-old former junior minister has  two months to establish a coalition out of a fractured Parliament. 
Cambodia starts release of opposition activists
Prisoners are mostly supporters of the Cambodia National Rescue Party, which was forcibly dissolved in 2017.
5 Takeaways From the Leaked Files on China’s Mass Detention of Muslims
Hundreds of pages of internal papers offer new insight into how the program began, how it was justified even as the damage it caused was clear, and how some officials resisted it.
In Sri Lanka’s Presidential Election, a Question of Security vs. Rights
The election could mean a return to power for the Rajapaksa family, who ended the country’s civil war by brutal means.
Sadistic Beating on Irish Border Raises Alarms About Return to Violence
The brutal attack on a businessman was not directly related to sectarian violence or Brexit, but it has conjured fears of a grim future if a hard border is reimposed.
New Statue Unsettles Italian City: Is It Celebrating a Poet or a Nationalist?
Boasting a proud literary pedigree, Trieste is populated with statues. But none has provoked passions like that of Gabriele d’Annunzio, who inspired Fascism and briefly ruled his own state last century.
Fear Has Yet to Be Extinguished After Chemical Fire in France
For Rouen, Normandy’s ancient river-port capital 80 miles from Paris, the Lubrizol factory fire has become the disaster that won’t die.
Ethnic Rifts in Bolivia Burst Into View With Fall of Evo Morales
As the country’s first Indigenous president has tumbled from power, Indigenous Bolivians fear the loss of their hard-won political gains, and say a racially tinged backlash has begun.
Prince Andrew Says He ‘Let the Side Down’ When He Stayed With Jeffrey Epstein
The Duke of York told the BBC that his 2010 visit to Mr. Epstein’s Manhattan mansion was unbecoming for a member of Britain’s royal family.
A 9-Year-Old Is About to Get a University Degree. He Has #Giganticplans.
Laurent Simons of Belgium wants to make artificial hearts. He also loves Fortnite and has thousands of followers on Instagram.
Inside Hong Kong’s Battle-Ready Campuses
Classrooms may be empty, but universities are bustling with preparation for confrontations with the police.
In Strike That Killed 5 Children, Israel Said It Took Out Gaza Militant. Now It Isn’t Sure.
The Israeli military said it has begun an investigation into who was actually killed in an airstrike that Palestinians said caused the deaths of eight civilians.
A Victim Not Only of Unjust Laws, but of ‘Unjust Authorities’
An investigative reporter from a prominent Moroccan family was wrongly accused of having had an abortion. Now she wants to hold officials’ feet to the fire.
Economic Crisis Looms as Protests Rage in Lebanon
After a monthlong political crisis, Lebanon faces an economic one, too, as the effects of long-term policies crash into citizens’ lives.
Russia Frees Norwegian Convicted of Spying in Unusual 3-Way Swap
A retired Norwegian border inspector, two Lithuanians and two convicted Russian spies were exchanged.
‘Yellow Vest’ Anniversary Brings Fires, Tear Gas and Dwindled Crowds
A protest movement that once brought tens of thousands to the streets of Paris has been confined to marginal sites and outmaneuvered by the president whose program it challenged.
Along Alberta’s Cowboy Trail
A visit to the town of Longview brought back the province’s past.
Putin and Zelensky to Meet for First Time Over Ukraine Conflict
The war is the biggest flash point in a broader conflict between Moscow and the West, triggering international sanctions and rippling into the American impeachment hearings.
India, Choking on Toxic Air, Tries Something New: An Oxygen Bar
As top officials remain silent, the country’s pollution levels remained hazardous this week, prompting a second closure of schools in the capital and a sometimes desperate search for clean air.
Iran Abruptly Raises Fuel Prices, and Protests Erupt
The timing of the announcement suggested an urgent scramble to fill a budget gap caused partly by severe American sanctions. Angry protests over the price increases soon followed.
Germany Passes Climate-Protection Law to Ensure 2030 Goals
The law aims to get the country in line to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions to meet Paris Agreement targets.
Pushed From Hungary, University Created by Soros Shifts to Vienna
Central European University and its founder, George Soros, have been favorite targets of Hungary’s leader, Viktor Orban, as he stifles dissenting voices.
In Win for Protesters, Chile to Vote on Replacing Constitution
The country plans to hold a referendum next April on replacing the country’s dictatorship-era constitution.
Crashing and Burning Years After the War Is Over
How does one survive war and not be miserable? For one veteran, it meant going back to the battlefield where it all started.
Marie Yovanovitch, Saugus High School, Cleveland Browns: Your Friday Briefing
Here's what you need to know.
South Korea Resists U.S. Pressure to Improve Ties With Japan
Defense Secretary Mark Esper had urged Seoul to reconsider abandoning a military intelligence-sharing deal with Tokyo.
Nestlé Says It Can Be Virtuous and Profitable. Is That Even Possible?
The world’s largest food company is trying to show it can be environmentally sustainable and still make money. Activists are skeptical.
Ho Chi Minh City’s Hilarious Side
Stand-up comedy is sweeping Vietnam’s largest city, often called Saigon, with locals braving open-mic nights in the city’s hippest cafes and bars.
Boris Johnson, Hong Kong, Syria: Your Friday Briefing
Here’s what you need to know.
‘Your Face Is Burning.’ How It Feels to Photograph Australia’s Fires
As bushfires swept Australia’s east coast on Tuesday, our photographer shot residents and firefighters close to the blaze.
Iraqi Protesters Cheer Victory Over Iran, at Least on the Soccer Field
The police and the politicians joined protesters in celebrating Iraq’s defeat of Iran in a World Cup qualifying match. Tensions between the countries are running high.
Boris Johnson Was Supposed to Be an Ace Campaigner. So Why Is He Stumbling?
Exposed to hostile voices on the campaign trail, he has seemed at times unsure, tone deaf and gaffe prone. It could leave an opening for the underdog Labour Party.
After Major Earthquake, Indonesia Lifts Tsunami Alert
More than 20 aftershocks followed the quake, which had a magnitude of 7.1.
U.N. Query on Syria Hospital Bombings May Be Undermined by Russia Pressure, Limited Scope
The United Nations is investigating attacks on seven humanitarian sites in Syria. Diplomats say Russia is trying to keep the U.N. findings secret.
Your Friday Briefing
Hong Kong, Australia fires, llamas: Here’s what you need to know.
Experts Divided on Authenticity of Islamic State Receipts
A Times article based on documents recovered by a researcher reported that ISIS made payments to members of a rival group.
North Korea Says U.S. Sought More Talks, but Calls It a ‘Trick’
The top North Korean envoy to the negotiations with Washington said he was not interested unless the United States was ready to make substantial concessions.
How Did Plants Conquer Land? These Humble Algae Hold Clues
Two algal species share important genes with all modern land plants, a new analysis finds.
Germany Mandates Measles Vaccine
All children attending preschool or higher in the country must be immunized, with fines for parents who do not comply, under a law that is to take effect next spring.
Refugee and Author Detained by Australia Is Given Visa to Travel
Behrouz Boochani, who was held for years as part of Australia’s offshore immigration detention program, arrived in New Zealand for a literary festival.
Highways on Fire. Semesters Cut Short. A Recession. Can Hong Kong Heal?
Months of antigovernment protests and increasingly violent clashes with the police have upended daily life, with the potential to alter the city’s character.
ISIS Suspect Trapped at Turkish-Greek Border Is to Be Deported to U.S.
Turkey said it had received assurances from Washington that the American would not be refused entry.
Behind the Scenes, Erdogan’s Friendly White House Visit Had Tense Moments
The Turkish leader clashed with a Republican senator and returned President Trump’s pointed letter warning against a military incursion into Syria.
‘We’re Just So Angry’: Australians Protest Police Killing of Aboriginal Teenager
After initially saying the 19-year-old had lunged at the police with a weapon, the authorities later charged an officer with murder and opened an investigation.
Impeachment, Deval Patrick, Venice Flooding: Your Thursday Briefing
Here’s what you need to know.
Cases of Cognac and Liqueur Recovered From 1917 Shipwreck
The ship, the S.S. Kyros, was bound for Russia when it was sunk by a German submarine during World War I, a salvage company said.
To Make This Tofu, Start by Burning Toxic Plastic
Plastic waste from America, collected for recycling, is shipped to Indonesia. Some is burned as fuel by tofu makers, producing deadly chemicals and contaminating food.
Saving the Fire Victims Who Cannot Flee: Australia’s Koalas
The plight of dozens of animals being treated for burned paws and singed fur is raising fears about climate change and the future of the species.
Facing a Pollution Crisis, Netherlands Tells Drivers to Slow Down
The government lowered the daytime speed limit on Dutch highways, to 62 miles per hour, in an attempt to cut nitrogen pollution.
Hong Kong Students Ready Bows and Arrows for Battles With Police
Black-clad activists, mostly students, set up elaborate roadblocks, built brick walls, and practiced shooting firebombs from a giant slingshot.
Impeachment Hearings, Ukraine, Denmark: Your Thursday Briefing
Impeachment hearings, Ukraine, Denmark
As Talks With Putin Loom, Ukraine Looks in Vain for U.S. Help
Kiev wants Western support as it seeks to end its conflict with Russia. But amid the impeachment drama, Washington, its staunchest backer, is increasingly out of the picture.
‘I’m a Big Fan’: Trump Gives Warm Welcome to Turkey’s Erdogan
President Trump seemed unbothered by Turkey’s recent invasion of Syria, which prompted outrage in Congress and among some in his administration.
As Islamic Jihad and Israel Battled, Hamas, in a Twist, Sat on the Sidelines
With Israel exchanging blows with the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Hamas faced a stark choice: Join the fight or redouble efforts to keep the Gaza border quiet.
To Drive Down Insulin Prices, W.H.O. Will Certify Generic Versions
About 80 million people with diabetes around the world need the hormone, and half of them can’t afford it. Creating competition could help, the agency said.
U.S. Struggles to Keep Allies in Fight Against ISIS in Syria
Trump praises mission to protect oil fields while top national security aides seek to retain allies in Syria after death of top ISIS leader.
Climate Change Poses Threats to Children’s Health Worldwide
A study from the Lancet points to infectious diseases, worsening air pollution, rising temperatures and even malnutrition as threats to child health as the climate changes. 
In Struggle Over Parthenon Marbles, Greece Gets Unexpected Ally: Xi Jinping
China pledged big investments in Greece and signed 16 agreements. But it turns out that the repatriation of artifacts is also drawing the nations closer.
Hong Kong, Impeachment Hearings, Tom Hanks: Your Thursday Briefing
Here’s what you need to know.
Girl, 5, Is 6th Child Killed by Stray Bullet in Rio de Janeiro This Year
Police operations targeting drug gangs have put children in the crossfire in the Brazilian city, where at least 21 minors have been struck by stray bullets in 2019.
Still the Undisputed Champs of Mammalian Migrations
Scientists measured distances covered to compile a Top 5 list of ultramarathon runners of land mammals.
Dueling Camps Vie for Control of Venezuela’s Embassy in Brazil
The standoff, which unfolded while Brasília is hosting several heads of state for a summit, underscores the diplomatic conundrum created by competing claims to Venezuela’s presidency.
